Update remote docs for 3.7.0 (#380)
hpcng/singularity-userdocs: endpoint.rst

Overview
--------

The ``remote`` command group allows users to manage the service endpoints
Singularity will interact with for many common command flows. This includes
managing credentials for image storage services, remote builders, and key 
servers used to locate public keys for SIF image verification. Currently,
there are three main types of remote endpoints managed by this command group:

> the public Sylabs Cloud, OCI registries and keyservers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the public Sylabs Cloud (or local Singularity Enterprise installation), OCI registries and keyservers.
```

.. code-block:: none

    $ singularity remote list
    Cloud Services Endpoints
    ========================

    NAME            URI                     ACTIVE  GLOBAL  EXCLUSIVE
    SylabsCloud     cloud.sylabs.io         YES     YES     NO
    company-remote  enterprise.example.com  NO      YES     NO
    myremote        enterprise.example.com  NO      NO      NO

    Keyservers
    ==========

    URI                     GLOBAL  INSECURE  ORDER
    https://keys.sylabs.io  YES     NO        1*

    * Active cloud services keyserver

    $ singularity remote use myremote
    INFO:    Remote "myremote" now in use.

    $ singularity remote list
    Cloud Services Endpoints
    ========================

    NAME            URI                     ACTIVE  GLOBAL  EXCLUSIVE
    SylabsCloud     cloud.sylabs.io         NO      YES     NO
    company-remote  enterprise.example.com  NO      YES     NO
    myremote        enterprise.example.com  YES     NO      NO

    Keyservers
    ==========

    URI                       GLOBAL  INSECURE  ORDER
    https://keys.example.com  YES     NO        1*

    * Active cloud services keyserver

> Singularity 3.7 introduces the ability for an administrator to make a remote

Reviewer: Probably worth mentioning this in the admin docs

Author: Created in https://github.com/hpcng/singularity-admindocs/pull/108

    https://keys.sylabs.io   YES     NO        1*
    https://pgp.example.com  YES     NO        2

    * Active cloud services keyserver

Here we can see that the ``https://pgp.example.com`` keyserver was appended to
our list. If we would like to specify the order in the list that this key is
placed, we can use the ``--order`` flag:

.. code-block:: none

    $ sudo singularity remote add-keyserver --order 1 https://pgp.example.com
    $ singularity remote list
    Cloud Services Endpoints
    ========================

    NAME         URI              ACTIVE  GLOBAL  EXCLUSIVE
    SylabsCloud  cloud.sylabs.io  YES     YES     NO

    Keyservers
    ==========

    URI                      GLOBAL  INSECURE  ORDER
    https://pgp.example.com  YES     NO        1
    https://keys.sylabs.io   YES     NO        2*

    * Active cloud services keyserver

Since we specified ``--order 1``, the ``https://pgp.example.com`` keyserver was
placed as the first entry in the list and the default keyserver was moved to
second in the list. With the keyserver configuration above, all image default
image verification performed by Singularity will first reach out to

> ``https://pgp.example.com`` and then to ``https://pgp.example.com`` when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``https://pgp.example.com`` and then to ``https://keys.sylabs.io`` when
```

searching for public keys.

If a keyserver requires authentication before usage, users can login before
using it:

.. code-block:: none

    $ singularity remote login --username ian https://pgp.example.com
    Password (or token when username is empty): 
    INFO:    Token stored in /home/ian/.singularity/remote.yaml

Now we can see that ``https://pgp.example.com`` is logged in:

.. code-block:: none

    $ singularity remote list
    Cloud Services Endpoints
    ========================

    NAME         URI              ACTIVE  GLOBAL  EXCLUSIVE
    SylabsCloud  cloud.sylabs.io  YES     YES     NO

    Keyservers
    ==========

    URI                      GLOBAL  INSECURE  ORDER
    https://pgp.example.com  YES     NO        1
    https://keys.sylabs.io   YES     NO        2*

    * Active cloud services keyserver

    Authenticated Logins
    =================================

>     URI                     INSECURE

Reviewer: Quick mention of what `INSECURE` means?

    https://pgp.example.com NO

.. note::
    It is important for users to be aware that the login command will store the
    supplied credentials or tokens unencrypted in your home directory.

-----------------------
Managing OCI Registries
-----------------------

It is common for users of Singularity to use OCI registries as sources for
their container images. Some registries require credentials to access certain
images or the registry itself. Previously, the only methods in Singularity to
supply credentials to registries were to supply credentials for each command or
set environment variables for a single registry.
See :ref:`Authentication via Interactive Login <sec:authentication_via_docker_login>`
and :ref:`Authentication via Environment Variables <sec:authentication_via_environment_variables>`

Singularity 3.7 introduces the ability for users to supply credentials on a per
registry basis with the ``remote`` command group.

> Users can log into an oci registry with the ``remote login`` command by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can login to an oci registry with the ``remote login`` command by
```

specifying a ``docker://`` prefix to the registry hostname:

.. code-block:: none

    $ singularity remote login --username ian docker://docker.io
    Password (or token when username is empty): 
    INFO:    Token stored in /home/ian/.singularity/remote.yaml

    $ singularity remote list
    Cloud Services Endpoints
    ========================

    NAME         URI              ACTIVE  GLOBAL  EXCLUSIVE
    SylabsCloud  cloud.sylabs.io  YES     YES     NO

    Keyservers
    ==========

    URI                     GLOBAL  INSECURE  ORDER
    https://keys.sylabs.io  YES     NO        1*

    * Active cloud services keyserver

    Authenticated Logins
    =================================

>     URI                 INSECURE

Reviewer: Need to explain `INSECURE` somewhere.

    docker://docker.io  NO

Now we can see that ``docker://docker.io`` shows up under
``Authenticated Logins`` and Singularity will automatically supply the
configured credentials when interacting with DockerHub.

> We can log into multiple OCI registies at the same time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can log into multiple OCI registries at the same time:
```
